>> Steve Kinney: You can run them locally,
too.
The local ones only work for
the HTTP ones.
Let's give that a shot.
So we'll do firebase serve,
think doing some memory.
>> Steve Kinney: So
this is a series of lies, right here.
Because we're clearly running no date.
But it's tell me that you're running
nine and they're running six.
[LAUGH] Yeah,
I can use something like MVM.
And so here, these are now
local endpoints that I can use,
so,
>> Steve Kinney: Same basic idea.
It's still hooked up the same Firestore,
it's not a local Firestore.
It's running on my computer rather
than Google's computers, right?
So the HTTPS ones, you can test
them locally, and that's great.
Here's the Hello World one,
so on and so forth.
So this is server-side code that we can
deploy that can hook into our entire
Firebase infrastructure.